---
layout: post
title: AT&amp;T FAIL!!!!
date: 2009-08-14 11:10:37.000000000 -05:00
type: post
parent_id: '0'
published: true
password: ''
status: publish
categories:
- Grrr!
- Wireless
tags:
- at&amp;t
- fail
- internet
meta:
  _edit_last: '2'
  dsq_thread_id: '218385988'
  _googl_shortlink: http://goo.gl/O4Lgw
  _bpp_element: body
  _bpp_repeat-x: 'yes'
  _bpp_repeat-y: 'yes'
  _bpp_attachment: scroll
  _bpp_position: center
  _bpp_fade: 'yes'
  _bpp_fade_height: '100'
  _bpp_color: "#"
author:
  login: ianbeyer
  email: ian.beyer@gmail.com
  display_name: Ian Beyer
  first_name: Ian
  last_name: Beyer
permalink: "/2009/08/14/att-fail/"
---

Time Warner's internet service has been flaky at best at my house lately, despite swapping out the modem. So I figured I'd see if AT&T would give me data-only u-verse. They will, and when I started asking about additional fees, the conversation took a sharp weird turn.

> Delilah: Thank you for using AT&T! How can I help you today?  
> you: looking for info on data service.  
> you: need 1Mbps or higher upstream, 10Mbps downstream  
> Delilah: Yes, we offer up to 18 Mbps, if you are not ordering the TV service, then we do have an installation fee.  
> you: what's the pricing for 12/1.5 ?  
> Delilah: There is a learn more blue tab on U-verse page. ***(note: it's ORANGE)***  
> Delilah: Please click to view speeds and pricing, the installation is $149.  
> you: what am I clicking on?  
> Delilah: click on build your own bundle.  
> you: all the tabs on the page are orange.  
> Delilah: Build your own bundle first.  
> Delilah: Then you will see Uverse internet  
> you: i just see packages  
> Delilah: Besides the internet  
> Delilah: Do you see where it says Max 18  
> You: so if I were to get 6/1, what would it cost me?  
> Delilah: The Elite is $35 a month.  
> You: what else would I be paying? ***(was asking about fees, this is where it got interesting...)***  
> Delilah: Just the installation fee, this is a wireless service, no modem needed.  
> you: uh... wireless???  
> Delilah: Taxes and fees are less than $6  
> you: I thought this was DSL  
> you: I don't think I'll be able to get an antenna put on my roof  
> Delilah: Wireless internet  
> Delilah: It is through the phone line, yes,  
> Delilah: You do not need one.  
> you: is it wireless, or does it use DSL over the phone lines?  
> Delilah: It is brand new technology, ***(uh-oh... stand by for clueless marketing BS...)***  
> Delilah: A fiber optic line that runs through your phone line. ***(wait, WHAT???)***  
> you: well, I don't have fiber running to my home, just copper  
> Delilah: Did you check on availability?  
> Delilah: Our technicians run the wire.  
> Delilah: As long as it is available at your address,,  
> you: yes, u-verse was built out in my neighborhood 3 years ago, I remember it well, as you guys left a gaping hole in my front yard for 8 months. ***(it took me several calls to AT&T, before I found someone who cared enough to inform the contractor that they'd forgotten to fill it back up after redoing the splice. [You can see it on Bing Maps Bird's Eye View.]({{site.baseurl}}/assets/2009/08/SnipImage.jpg) The grass still isn't quite right)***  
> you: but there's no fiber here.  
> you: the technicians told me this was DSL-based technology.  
> Delilah: I am sorry, I am a bit confused, are you wanting just regular DSL?  
> you: i need internet service. But there's no fiber running to my house. (and if there was, 18/1 would be pathetically slow)  
> Delilah: Would you like a link to check on DSL at your home?  
> Delilah: There is no need for a wire of anykind.  
> you: if there's no need for wire of any kind, how does it get to my house without an antenna on the roof?  
> Delilah: DSL has never needed an antenna.  
> Delilah: It runs through the phone line.  
> you: that's a wire.  
> Delilah: It is already there.  
> you: yes, but that's not "wireless"  
> Delilah: You get a wireless modem if you like.  
> Delilah: You can get signals up to 250 ft.  
> Delilah: There is no antenna at all.  
> Delilah: No antenna.  
> Delilah: The days of antennas are over.  
> Delilah: Fiber optic lines that run through the phone.  
> you: then how do you get the signal to my house wirelessly?  
> Delilah: I am sorry you do not  understand, would you like to call in?  
> Delilah: Through your phone line.  
> you: then it's not wireless.  
> Delilah: You get a wireless  modem.  
> you: why would I need a wireless modem, since it comes through the phone lines  
> Delilah: Since I cannot assist you any further, this chat will now close. Thank for chatting with AT&T.  
> Thank you for chatting with AT&T today. Have a great day.

OK, I know what she meant, but she's doing a lousy job of selling the product, since she seems to have a tenuous grasp on what this is in the first place. I don't think I'll be getting internet from them anytime soon. At least I can get it without TV now... although I think I'd be better off getting the TV service for 3 months instead of the $150 install fee.

Let's make this clear, AT&T. U-Verse is NOT a fiber-to-the-home service. It's a high-speed DSL service (54Mbit) that goes to a fiber-fed node in the neighborhood within the wire limits of the DSL Technology. I know Verizon's cleaning your clock with FTTH right now, but stop misrepresenting copper-based DSL services as fiber. It just ain't true. By your definition DSL service has been "fiber" for years in every CO that's fed by an OC link.
